Enforce tracing lost chars and mention it in the book (#52)
oetiker/lshort: src/realworld.tex

There is no package available for Hebrew\index{Hebrew} because none is needed.
The Hebrew support in \pai{polyglossia} should be sufficient. But you do need a
suitable font with real Unicode Hebrew. An extension to the default Latin
Modern font called
\citetitle{font:NewComputerModern}~\cite{font:NewComputerModern} adds, among
other things, full Hebrew character set. It's distributed with \TeXLive, so
there is a good chance you already have it. Another font, available under the
SIL Open Font License, is Ezra SIL~\cite{font:ezrasil}.

\subsection{Chinese, Japanese and Korean (CJK)}%
\index{Chinese}\index{Japanese}\index{Korean}

The package \pai*{xeCJK}\footnote{Works only with
  \hologo{XeLaTeX}.} takes care of font selection and
punctuation for these languages.

\section{Simple Commands}\label{sec:simple_commands}

> Oftentimes when writing a document you will find yourself typing the same
> name\slash{}logo\slash{}complicated text in multiple places. If that's the case
> you risk introducing typos in these. In case of brand logos it is also often
> the case that they define a preferred way to introduce them in text, such as
> all uppercase or starting with a lowercase letter even at the beginning of the
> sentence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will find yourself typing the same
name\slash{}logo\slash{}complicated text in multiple places in your documents. This is tedious and it bears the risk of
introducing typos. Brand logos also often have special casing rules, such as
all uppercase or starting with a lowercase letter even at the beginning of the
sentence.
```
